when David was a little past the top of
when David was a little past the top of the mountain there was either the
the mountain there was either the
the mountain there was either the seventh of mephibosheth who met him with
seventh of mephibosheth who met him with
seventh of mephibosheth who met him with a couple of saddled donkeys and on them
a couple of saddled donkeys and on them
a couple of saddled donkeys and on them two hundred loaves of bread 100 clusters
two hundred loaves of bread 100 clusters
two hundred loaves of bread 100 clusters of raisins 100 summer fruits and a skin
of raisins 100 summer fruits and a skin
of raisins 100 summer fruits and a skin of wine and the King said to Zabur
of wine and the King said to Zabur
of wine and the King said to Zabur what do you mean to do with these the
what do you mean to do with these the
what do you mean to do with these the donkeys are for the king's household to
donkeys are for the king's household to
donkeys are for the king's household to ride on the bread and some are fruit for
ride on the bread and some are fruit for
ride on the bread and some are fruit for the young men to eat and the wine for
the young men to eat and the wine for
the young men to eat and the wine for those who are faint in the wilderness to
those who are faint in the wilderness to
those who are faint in the wilderness to drink and where is your master's son
drink and where is your master's son
drink and where is your master's son indeed he is staying in Jerusalem for he
indeed he is staying in Jerusalem for he
indeed he is staying in Jerusalem for he said today the house of Israel will
said today the house of Israel will
said today the house of Israel will restore the kingdom of my father to me
restore the kingdom of my father to me
restore the kingdom of my father to me here all that belongs to mephibosheth is
here all that belongs to mephibosheth is
here all that belongs to mephibosheth is yours I humbly bow before you that I may
yours I humbly bow before you that I may
yours I humbly bow before you that I may find favor in your sight my lord o king
find favor in your sight my lord o king
find favor in your sight my lord o king now when King David came to behere him
now when King David came to behere him
now when King David came to behere him there was a man from the family of the
there was a man from the family of the
there was a man from the family of the house of soul whose name was Simeon the
house of soul whose name was Simeon the
house of soul whose name was Simeon the son of Gera coming from this he came out
son of Gera coming from this he came out
son of Gera coming from this he came out cursing continuously as he came and he
cursing continuously as he came and he
cursing continuously as he came and he threw stones at David and at all the
threw stones at David and at all the
threw stones at David and at all the servants of King David and all the
servants of King David and all the
servants of King David and all the people and all the mighty men were on
people and all the mighty men were on
people and all the mighty men were on his right hand and on his left also
his right hand and on his left also
his right hand and on his left also Chimay I said thus when he cursed come
Chimay I said thus when he cursed come
Chimay I said thus when he cursed come out come out you bloodthirsty man you
out come out you bloodthirsty man you
out come out you bloodthirsty man you rogue the Lord has brought upon you are
rogue the Lord has brought upon you are
rogue the Lord has brought upon you are the blood of the house of Saul in whose
the blood of the house of Saul in whose
the blood of the house of Saul in whose place you have reigned and the Lord has
place you have reigned and the Lord has
place you have reigned and the Lord has delivered the kingdom into the hand of
delivered the kingdom into the hand of
delivered the kingdom into the hand of Epsilon your son so now you are caught
Epsilon your son so now you are caught
Epsilon your son so now you are caught in your own evil because you are a
in your own evil because you are a
in your own evil because you are a bloodthirsty man then a bishop I the son
bloodthirsty man then a bishop I the son
bloodthirsty man then a bishop I the son of Zahra aya said to the king
of Zahra aya said to the king
of Zahra aya said to the king why should this dead dog curse my lord
why should this dead dog curse my lord
why should this dead dog curse my lord the king please let me go over and take
the king please let me go over and take
the king please let me go over and take off his head what have I to do with you
off his head what have I to do with you
off his head what have I to do with you you sons of zero Raya so let him curse
you sons of zero Raya so let him curse
you sons of zero Raya so let him curse because the Lord has said to him curse
because the Lord has said to him curse
because the Lord has said to him curse David who then shall say why have you
David who then shall say why have you
David who then shall say why have you done so see how my son who came from my
done so see how my son who came from my
done so see how my son who came from my own body seeks my life how much more now
own body seeks my life how much more now
own body seeks my life how much more now may this Benjamite let him alone and let
may this Benjamite let him alone and let
may this Benjamite let him alone and let him curse for so the Lord has ordered
him curse for so the Lord has ordered
him curse for so the Lord has ordered him it may be that the Lord will look on
him it may be that the Lord will look on
him it may be that the Lord will look on my affliction and that the Lord will
my affliction and that the Lord will
my affliction and that the Lord will repay me with good for his cursing this
repay me with good for his cursing this
repay me with good for his cursing this day and as David and his men went along
day and as David and his men went along
day and as David and his men went along the road Chimay I went along the
the road Chimay I went along the
the road Chimay I went along the hillside opposite him and cursed as he
hillside opposite him and cursed as he
hillside opposite him and cursed as he went threw stones at him and kicked up
went threw stones at him and kicked up
went threw stones at him and kicked up dust now the king and all the people who
dust now the king and all the people who
dust now the king and all the people who were with him became weary so they
were with him became weary so they
were with him became weary so they refresh themselves there meanwhile
refresh themselves there meanwhile
refresh themselves there meanwhile Absalom and all the people the men of
Absalom and all the people the men of
Absalom and all the people the men of Israel came to Jerusalem and a hill was
Israel came to Jerusalem and a hill was
Israel came to Jerusalem and a hill was with him and so it was when hew shy the
with him and so it was when hew shy the
with him and so it was when hew shy the archite David's friend came to Absalom
archite David's friend came to Absalom
archite David's friend came to Absalom that hue schhh I said to Absalom long
that hue schhh I said to Absalom long
that hue schhh I said to Absalom long live the king long live the king
live the king long live the king
live the king long live the king so Absalom set a huge eye is this your
so Absalom set a huge eye is this your
so Absalom set a huge eye is this your loyalty to your friend why did you not
loyalty to your friend why did you not
loyalty to your friend why did you not go with your friend no but whom the Lord
go with your friend no but whom the Lord
go with your friend no but whom the Lord and this people in all the men of Israel
and this people in all the men of Israel
and this people in all the men of Israel choose his eye will be and with him I
choose his eye will be and with him I
choose his eye will be and with him I will remain furthermore whom should I
will remain furthermore whom should I
will remain furthermore whom should I serve should I not serve in the presence
serve should I not serve in the presence
serve should I not serve in the presence of his son as I have served in your
of his son as I have served in your
of his son as I have served in your father's presence so will I be in your
father's presence so will I be in your
father's presence so will I be in your presence
presence
presence then Absalom said to a heifer ferrell
then Absalom said to a heifer ferrell
then Absalom said to a heifer ferrell give advice as to what we should do go
give advice as to what we should do go
give advice as to what we should do go - your father's concubines whom he has
- your father's concubines whom he has
- your father's concubines whom he has left keep the house and all Israel will
left keep the house and all Israel will
left keep the house and all Israel will hear that you are AB horde by your
hear that you are AB horde by your
hear that you are AB horde by your father then the hands of all who are
father then the hands of all who are
father then the hands of all who are with you will be strong so they pitched
with you will be strong so they pitched
with you will be strong so they pitched a tent for Absalom on the top of the
a tent for Absalom on the top of the
a tent for Absalom on the top of the house and Absalom went into his father's
house and Absalom went into his father's
house and Absalom went into his father's concubines in the sight of all Israel
concubines in the sight of all Israel
concubines in the sight of all Israel now the advice of a Heather fell which
now the advice of a Heather fell which
now the advice of a Heather fell which he gave in those days was as if one had
he gave in those days was as if one had
he gave in those days was as if one had inquired at the article of God so was
inquired at the article of God so was
inquired at the article of God so was all the advice of the hither fell both
all the advice of the hither fell both
all the advice of the hither fell both with David and with Absalom